Now that we have the basic behavior scoped out in our activity diagram.
Let's discuss the Sequence Diagram.
A sequence diagram depicts the interaction between
objects in the order or the sequence in which the interactions take place,
hence the name Sequence Diagram.
The boxes at the top represent the object names.
These objects that are involved in the system.
These objects are instances of classes.
The dashed lines hanging from the boxes are called object lifelines.
They represent the lifespan of the object doing scenario being modeled.
To show an object interacting via
a method call you draw a horizontal line from one lifeline to another.
The method name is placed above this arrow line.
The long thin boxes on the lifeline are activation boxes which
indicate when the actor or the object is active and processing the methods.
In this case, the breeder carries out the race pet method,
vaccinate pet method and the advertiser adoption method,
which involves the pet object.
The breeder then invokes the meal adopter method.
if all goes well the owner adopts the pet and the pet
will end up in the new owners home after it makes the fetch pet paw to the owner.
Before we continue to illustrate diagrams,
I'd like you to take some time to use your supply chain example
from the activity diagram section and design a sequence diagram for it.